Added a note for the email address update ff (#284)
harness/developer-hub: docs/platform/3_Authentication/7provision-users-and-groups-with-one-login-scim.md

9. Click **Save**.
10. Click **Save** to save the app.

:::note

> If you have created users prior to adding the mapping rule, click Reapply Mappings in your Harness application User settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have created users prior to adding the mapping rule, select **Reapply Mappings** in the **User** settings section of your Harness application.
```

Author: Done
